add kairship-one-click-conversion images (#3465)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kairship/best-practice/one-click-conversion.md

---
MTPE: FanLin
Date: 2024-01-05
---

> # Implement One-Click Conversion from DCE4 to DCE5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Implement One-Click Migration from DCE 4.0 to DCE 5.0
```
Spell shall be complete

> This section provides a walkthrough on how to achieve one-click conversion of DCE4 applications to DCE5 using the stateless load nginx as an example, facilitated through the Multicloud Management interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides a walkthrough on how to achieve one-click migrating applications from DCE 4.0 to DCE 5.0 using the deployment nginx as an example, facilitated through the Multicloud Management interface.
```

## Prerequisites

> - Connect your container management module to a cluster manufactured by DaoCloud DCE. For instructions on how to do this, please refer to the [Manage Worker Clusters](../cluster.md) guide. After the connection is established, ensure that you can access the UI interface of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect your container management module to a cluster managed by DCE. For instructions on how to do this, please refer to the [Manage Worker Clusters](../cluster.md) guide. After the connection is established, ensure that you can access the UI interface of the cluster.
```

> - Confirm that the workload in your DCE4 cluster is functioning normally. This tutorial assumes that your DCE4 cluster is in good working condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm that the workload in your DCE 4.0 cluster is functioning normally. This tutorial assumes that your DCE 4.0 cluster is in good working condition.
```

> ## One-Click Conversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## One-Click Migration
```
